Group No  IS-10 Project Title Student Management System Supervisor’s Name Mr. Rangana Amaraweera Mentor’s Name Ms. Hamsavasani Group Meeting Number 01    Date 26/03/2019 Summary of work carried out during last two weeks  Meeting the client and clearly identifying the requirements.   Identifying the main functionalities of the system.  Identifying the technologies hoping to use in front-end development and back-end development.  Started drawing use-case diagrams and sequence diagrams.  Created a GitHub repository for the group.  Created the delivery plan for the project.  Discussed the project scope with the supervisor and mentor. 
 
 
 
 
Individual Contribution for last two weeks [1]. H. B. P. Hathurusinghe 
  Meeting the client and getting requirements.  Drawing sequence diagrams for some of the requirements. 
 
[2].  H. A. P. C. J. Jayathilaka 
 
 Meeting the client and getting requirements.  Drawing use-case diagrams for some of the requirements. 
 
[3]. K. D. H. Chamika 
 
 Meeting the client and getting requirements.  Created the delivery plan for the project. 
 
 
[4]. M. S. Mushtaq 
 
 Meeting the client and getting requirements.  Drawing sequence diagrams for some of the requirements. 
 
 
 
Meeting outcomes   Reduced the project scope.  Clarified the doubts in project requirements.   Discussed with the mentor how to create the database and decided to enter dummy data as the first step.  Not being familiar with the new technologies hoping to use in the project. Started to learn the technologies. 
 
Responsibilities Accepted by group members for the next two weeks [1]. H. B. P. Hathurusinghe  Completing sequence diagrams.  Creating Google forms for the social feasibility study and analyzing it. 
 

 
 [2]. H. A. P. C. J. Jayathilaka 
 
 
 Completing use-case diagrams.  Identifying the legal and technical feasibility of the project. 
 
 
[3]. K. D. H. Chamika 
 
 Drawing class diagrams  Creating the preliminary presentation. 
 
[4]. M. S. Mushtaq 
 
 Drawing activity diagrams.  Identifying the ethical and economical feasibility of the project. 
